Update ip_warming.md (#7572)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/email_setup/ip_warming.md

When conducting the IP warming process, be sure to carefully monitor your sender reputation while you conduct the IP warming process. These specific metrics are important to watch:
- **Bounce Rates:** If any campaign bounces at more than 3-5%, you should evaluate the cleanliness of your list by following the guidelines in our [Keep It Clean: The Importance of Email List Hygiene][43] article. Additionally, you should consider implementing a [sunset policy][46] to stop emailing unengaged or dormant email addresses.
- **Spam Reports:** If any campaign is reported as spam at a rate of more than 0.08%, you should re-evaluate the content you're sending, check that it is targeted to an interested audience, and make sure your emails are appropriately worded to pique their interest.

> - **Open Rates:** Open rates are a useful proxy for inbox placement. If your unique open rates are over 25%, you're likely experiencing high inbox placement which is an indicator of positive sender reputation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Open Rates:** Open rates are a useful proxy for inbox placement. If your unique open rates are over 25%, you're likely experiencing high inbox placement, which indicates a positive sender reputation.
```

{% alert tip %}
Braze recommends against using [Intelligent Timing]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/sage_ai/intelligence/intelligent_timing/) to warm your IPs. Because IP warming campaigns are some of the first campaigns you send, Braze won't have enough information on your users to calculate an optimal send time. In this case, all messages with Intelligent Timing would default to the fallback time and send at the same time anyway.
{% endalert %}

{% alert tip %}

> It is normal for mail to be sent to the spam folder during IP warming because your domain and IP have not yet established a positive reputation. If mail is landing in your own spam folder, your mail administrator may need to add your Braze sending domain and IP to your company's allow-list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is normal for mail to be sent to the spam folder during IP warming because your domain and IP have not yet established a positive reputation. If mail lands in your spam folder, your mail administrator may need to add your Braze sending domain and IP to your company's allowlist.
```
